model.transformer.to_time_cond.1.weight True
model.transformer.to_time_cond.1.bias True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.fn.to_qkv.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.fn.to_gates.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.fn.to_out.1.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.1.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.0.2.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.0.2.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.0.2.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.0.2.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.0.2.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.0.2.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.0.2.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.fn.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.fn.0.bias True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.fn.3.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.fn.3.bias True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.0.3.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.0.4.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.0.4.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.0.4.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.0.4.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.0.4.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.0.4.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.0.4.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.fn.to_qkv.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.fn.to_learned_value_residual.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.fn.to_learned_value_residual.0.bias True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.fn.to_gates.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.fn.to_out.1.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.1.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.1.2.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.1.2.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.1.2.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.1.2.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.1.2.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.1.2.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.1.2.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.fn.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.fn.0.bias True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.fn.3.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.fn.3.bias True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.1.3.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.1.4.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.1.4.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.1.4.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.1.4.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.1.4.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.1.4.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.1.4.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.layers.2.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.fn.to_qkv.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.fn.to_learned_value_residual.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.fn.to_learned_value_residual.0.bias True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.fn.to_gates.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.fn.to_out.1.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.1.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.2.2.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.2.2.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.2.2.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.2.2.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.2.2.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.2.2.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.2.2.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.fn.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.fn.0.bias True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.fn.3.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.fn.3.bias True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.2.3.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.2.4.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.2.4.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.2.4.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.2.4.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.2.4.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.2.4.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.2.4.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.layers.3.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.fn.to_qkv.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.fn.to_learned_value_residual.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.fn.to_learned_value_residual.0.bias True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.fn.to_gates.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.fn.to_out.1.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.1.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.3.2.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.3.2.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.3.2.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.3.2.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.3.2.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.3.2.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.3.2.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.layernorm_gamma True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.layerscale True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.fn.0.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.fn.0.bias True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.fn.3.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.fn.3.bias True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.to_film.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.to_film.bias True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.to_ada_ln_zero.weight True
model.transformer.layers.3.3.to_ada_ln_zero.bias True
model.transformer.layers.3.4.static_alpha True
model.transformer.layers.3.4.dynamic_alpha_fn True
model.transformer.layers.3.4.dynamic_alpha_scale True
model.transformer.layers.3.4.static_beta True
model.transformer.layers.3.4.dynamic_beta_fn True
model.transformer.layers.3.4.dynamic_beta_scale True
model.transformer.layers.3.4.norm.gamma True
model.transformer.norm.gamma True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.0.0.weight True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.0.0.bias True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.0.2.weight True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.0.2.bias True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.0.4.weight True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.0.4.bias True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.1.0.weight True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.1.0.bias True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.1.2.weight True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.1.2.bias True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.1.4.weight True
model.pos_emb_mlp.0.mlps.1.4.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.esm_s_combine True
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.embed_tokens.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.0.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.1.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.2.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.3.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.4.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.5.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.6.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.7.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.8.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.9.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.10.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.11.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.12.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.13.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.14.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.15.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.16.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.17.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.18.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.19.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.20.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.21.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.22.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.23.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.24.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.25.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.26.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.27.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.28.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.29.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.30.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.31.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.32.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.33.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.34.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.k_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.k_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.v_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.v_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.q_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.q_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.out_proj.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn.out_proj.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.self_attn_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.fc1.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.fc1.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.fc2.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.fc2.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.final_layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.layers.35.final_layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.contact_head.regression.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.contact_head.regression.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.emb_layer_norm_after.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.emb_layer_norm_after.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.lm_head.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.lm_head.dense.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.lm_head.dense.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.lm_head.layer_norm.weight False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm.lm_head.layer_norm.bias False
model.modality_encoder.0.esm_s_mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.esm_s_mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.esm_s_mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.esm_s_mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.esm_s_mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.esm_s_mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_embedding.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_embedding.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_time_projection.W False
model.modality_encoder.0.input_time_embedding.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_time_embedding.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.pair_transition.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.pair_transition.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.pair_transition.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.pair_transition.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.pair_transition.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.0.pair_transition.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.pair_transition.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.pair_transition.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.pair_transition.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.pair_transition.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.pair_transition.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.1.pair_transition.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.pair_transition.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.pair_transition.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.pair_transition.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.pair_transition.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.pair_transition.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.2.pair_transition.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.pair_transition.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.pair_transition.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.pair_transition.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.pair_transition.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.pair_transition.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.blocks.3.pair_transition.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.input_pair_stack.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.embedding.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.pairwise_positional_embedding.embedding.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.0.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.1.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.2.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.3.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.4.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.5.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.6.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.7.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.8.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.9.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.10.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.11.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.12.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.13.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.14.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.15.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.16.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.17.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.18.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.19.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.20.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.21.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.22.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.23.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.24.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.25.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.26.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.27.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.28.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.29.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.30.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.31.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.32.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.33.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.34.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.35.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.36.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.37.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.38.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.39.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.40.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.41.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.42.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.43.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.44.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.45.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.46.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.layernorm_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.layernorm_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.sequence_to_pair.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.sequence_to_pair.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.sequence_to_pair.proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.sequence_to_pair.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.pair_to_sequence.layernorm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.pair_to_sequence.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.seq_attention.proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.seq_attention.o_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.seq_attention.o_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.seq_attention.g_proj.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.seq_attention.g_proj.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_out.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_a_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_a_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_b_p.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_b_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.linear_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_mul_in.layer_norm_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_start.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.mha.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.mha.linear_k.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.mha.linear_v.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.mha.linear_o.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.tri_att_end.mha.linear_g.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_seq.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_seq.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_seq.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_seq.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_seq.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_seq.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_pair.mlp.0.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_pair.mlp.0.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_pair.mlp.1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_pair.mlp.1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_pair.mlp.3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.blocks.47.mlp_pair.mlp.3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.recycle_s_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.recycle_s_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.recycle_z_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.recycle_z_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.recycle_disto.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.layer_norm_s.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.layer_norm_s.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.layer_norm_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.layer_norm_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.linear_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.linear_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.head_weights True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_q.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_q.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_kv.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_kv.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_q_points.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_q_points.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_kv_points.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_kv_points.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_b.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_b.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.ipa.linear_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.layer_norm_ipa.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.layer_norm_ipa.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layers.0.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layers.0.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layers.0.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layers.0.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layers.0.linear_3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layers.0.linear_3.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.transition.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.bb_update.linear.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.bb_update.linear.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.linear_in.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.linear_in.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.linear_initial.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.linear_initial.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.0.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.0.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.0.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.0.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.1.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.1.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.1.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.layers.1.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.linear_out.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.structure_module.angle_resnet.linear_out.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.trunk2sm_s.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.trunk2sm_s.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.trunk2sm_z.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.trunk.trunk2sm_z.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.distogram_head.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.distogram_head.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.layer_norm.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.layer_norm.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.linear_1.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.linear_1.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.linear_2.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.linear_2.bias True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.linear_3.weight True
model.modality_encoder.0.lddt_head.linear_3.bias True
model.latent_to_model_projs.0.weight True
model.latent_to_model_projs.0.bias True
model.model_to_latent_projs.0.weight True
model.rotary_emb.freqs False
model.text_embed.weight True
model.to_text_logits.weight True
